pid limiting documentation (#23929)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers.md

        example.com/foo: 1
```

> ## Pid Limiting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PID limiting
```

> Pid Limiting allows for the configuration of a kubelet to limit the number of PIDs a given pod can consume. See [Pid Limiting](/docs/concepts/policy/pid-limiting.md) for information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Process ID (PID) limits allow for the configuration of a kubelet to limit the number of PIDs that a given Pod can consume. See [Pid Limiting](/docs/concepts/policy/pid-limiting/) for information.
```
